{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 *Console turns on and runs program*\par
\par
*Console begins to display text*\par
\tab "Your surrounded by darkness. You try to look around you but all you see is nothing. You try to move, but you feel as if theres nothing there to move. You try to listen but hear no sound. You try to smell but not only can you smell nothing but you dont even know if your nose is even there. You ponder for a moment, trying to recollect memories....but you have none. You cant remember what you were doing or where you were going.....wait.....What is your name?"\par
"My name is........"\par
"My name.... is..."\par
*display player name input*\par
"My name is: "\par
(player enters name here)\par
"Right my name is **********. But how old am I?\par
*display player age input*\par
"I am: "\par
(player enters age here) \par
"Where am I from?"\par
*display player location input*\par
"I'm from: "\par
(player enters location here)\par
\par
*console displays more text*\par
\tab "Ok so you know your name, you remember how old you are and where your from but what is going on? You still cant see, hear, or do anything. Are you dead maybe? I dont know, it seems like your existing your just not sure if your unconcious, dreaming weirdly, hopefully not the latter. Time seems to go on for a moment while you question your own existence until finally something begins to happen. You start to feel again. You feel like your being pulled. Do you allow yourself to be pulled or try to struggle?\par
\par
*display choice input*\par
*player can either input yes, no, allow, or struggle*\par
*depending on players choice, the result will have two outcomes*\par
(player enters choice here)\par
*if player types no or struggle then program will run death code and will see the following text*\par
\tab "You have Died, would you like to play again?\par
\tab *display yes or no decision input*\par
\tab "(Y/N): "\par
\tab *if player chooses yes, program will restart from the beginning*\par
\tab *However if player chooses no, program will shut down and close console.*\par
*if the player types yes or allow, the program will continue to run and display the next line of text*\par
*console displays text*\par
\tab "As you are being pulled you start to gain your senses again. You feel yourslef being dragged out of the water. You immediately cough and hack up about a few litres of water. You try desperately to fill your lungs with the air and expel whatever water was in your system. Slowly your other senses start to clear. The darkness fades and the light makes your eyes squint as you try to focus on your surroundings."\par
"Are you okay?"\par
"A strange voice asks,Though your ears are clogged you can still make out what was said to you. Finally able to breath you spew out some jibberish before replying to the voice."\par
 "I think so just give me a moment."\par
\par
"You take a moment for all your senses to become fully clear trying to breath steadily until you finally take in your surroundings."\par
*give player 3 choices with descriptive texts for each*\par
"Do you look around, talk to the voice, or start walking?"\par
*display player choice input"\par
"I will: "\par
(player enters choice here)\par
*if player types "Look" then this text will be displayed*\par
\tab *Your standing on a riverbank surrounded by a very dense looking forest. The river \tab appears to run north and south with a stone bridge just north of your position. There \tab\tab You also ponder to yourself how the heck you have a sense for direction. You look \tab towards the direction of the voice from earlier only to be in shock of what your \tab\tab tself is humanoid but with feline features. It has a cats tail but walks upright like a \tab human.Its head is very feline like no hair mind you just black fur all over its face, big \tab\tab like clothing that looks to be out of some fantasy rpg game. Its clothing consists of , \tab boots, belt, pants and a shirt. His hands are human shaped but with long fingernails \tab\tab muscular.There also appears to be a small wagon with horse up on the path before \tab the bridge.*\par
*after text is displayed code will prompt the player with the three original choices again*\par
"Do you Look around, Speak to the voice, or start to Move?"\par
*display player choice input"\par
"I will: "\par
(player enters choice here)\par
*if player types "Speak" and has previously chosen "Look" then this text will be displayed*\par
\tab After a few moments of silence you look towards the feline.\par
\tab "So where am I and who or what are you?" \par
\tab The Cat chuckles softly. \par
\tab "My apologies I should introduce myself, my Name is Pantera, and I am a Saber. You \tab are in the Forest of Afterwoods"\par
 \tab "So your like a man-cat thing? and where is this Forest of Afterwoods exactly located? \tab Was I drowning and how did I get here?" \par
\tab His chuckles turn to laugher as he walks to the wagon and horse. \par
\tab "Well you seem to have many questions, maybe I can answer some of them and you \tab can answer some of mine but lets set up camp before it gets dark." \par
\tab The dark feline starts to unpack some tihngs from his wagon. He begins to setup some \tab tents and a fire pit with a cooking pot just as the sun starts to settle on the horizon. As \tab Pantera starts to throw some meat into the cooking pot he sits down on a log close by \tab and looks to you. \par
\tab "So I told you my name whats your name? and where do you come from traveller?" \par
\tab "Well my names (code inputs name player first set at beginning) and im from (code \tab inputs location player set at beginning)."\par
 \tab "Thats an interesting name and I dont think ive ever heard of (player location). \tab Wheres that located exactly?"\par
\tab  You look down at the fire trying to pick apart your own memories\par
 \tab "Thing is I dont know where here is so I couldnt tell you where (player location) is. All I \tab remember is this black void of nothingness then you dragging me out of the water. \tab Guess I owe you a thank you for saving my life. But how did you find me in the \tab water?" \par
\tab "Well i was traveling through the forest on my way to Inner City to sell some wares \tab when I was coming upto the bridge something in the water caught my eye. At first I \tab thought it was a large fish trying to swim up stream but I took a second glance and \tab saw your body just laying there on the bottom of the river. I just dove in and well here \tab you are. So you dont even know how you got in the river in the first place?"\par
\tab *you shake your head*\par
\tab The cooking pot starts a bubbling like mad. Pantera grabs some bowls and stirs the \tab contents of the cooking pot. He pours some into two bowls and hands one to you.\par
\tab "Here eat some of this stew it will replenish your health!!"\par
\tab *code displays the following*\par
\tab "Your Health is at: 100 HP"\par
\tab "We should probably get some sleep. We can talk more when we head out to the \tab Inner City in the morning."\par
\tab *player falls asleep*\par
\par
*if player types "Speak" and hasnt previously chosen "Look" then this text will be displayed*\par
\tab *Player tries to speak to the voice they heard, however as soon as they see the creature that stands in front of them the player screams and tries to run but trips over a rock and impales themselves on a broken branch*\par
*death code runs*\par
"You have Died, would you like to play again?\par
\tab *display yes or no decision input*\par
\tab "(Y/N): "\par
\tab *if player chooses yes, program will restart from the beginning*\par
\tab *However if player chooses no, program will shut down and close console.*\par
\par
*If player types "Move" then this text will be displayed*\par
"Player starts to walk into the woods, trips over tree branch, and smashes head!"\par
*death code runs*\par
"You have Died, would you like to play again?\par
\tab *display yes or no decision input*\par
\tab "(Y/N): "\par
\tab *if player chooses yes, program will restart from the beginning*\par
\tab *However if player chooses no, program will shut down and close console.*\par
\par
*However if player chose wisely\par
}
 